Sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep.
Feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel
Feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel
Feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel Feeling, feeling, feeling
Feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, feel
Feeling, feeling, feeling
Give it to someone so you can use this phone
I'll look for this first
I'm sleeping. I'm sleeping. I'll take her with me later.
Do you understand too?